Our digital technical support team is here to help you with any questions or problems that may arise.
If you are experiencing difficulty prior to entering your Connect course, you may access the support site directly at www.mhage.com forward slash support.
If you are a student and you need help from within your Connect course, locate the course menu on your home page.
page. If your course menu is in banner mode, scroll to the bottom and click on the
question mark icon. If your course menu is an expanded mode, scroll to the bottom
and click on Need Help, contact support. Both options will take you directly to the
support homepage. On the support site, you can use the search box to help find a
solution, or you may contact a customer support agent via email, live chat, or
phone. When contacting an agent, you will always receive a case number. It will be
important to save this number if additional follow-up or documentation is needed.
Our digital technical support team is here to help you day or night at the hours listed on screen.
Monday through Thursday, 24 hours a day, with specific times Friday through Sunday.